feat(HTTP): Refresh 2XX response pages (#34422)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/201/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

> The HTTP **`201 Created`** status response code is part of the `200`-`299` class of [successful responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#successful_responses) and indicates that the request has led to the creation of a resource.
> The new resource or a description and link to the new resource is created before the response is returned and the newly-created items are returned in the body of the message, located at either the URL of the request, or at the URL in the value of the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header.

Reviewer: - same comment about first saying what it is and moving "it is part of" to the very end
- could we also move the "POST request" bit earlier in the intro?
- WDYT about the following flow:
```suggestion
The HTTP **`201 Created`** status response code indicates that the HTTP request has led to the creation of a resource. This status code is commonly sent as the result of a {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} request.
The new resource or a description and link to the new resource is created before the response is returned. The newly-created items are returned in the body of the message, located at either the URL of the request or the URL in the value of the {{HTTPHeader("Location")}} header. This status code is part of the `200`-`299` class of [successful responses](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status#successful_responses).
```

Author: OK actually at the end of the intro might be better (we currently don't link to the classes at all)

> This status code is commonly sent as the result of a {{HTTPMethod("POST")}} request.

Reviewer: can be removed if moving to previous para

## Status

```http
201 Created
```

## Examples

> ### Response indicating new user created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Receiving a response indicating user creation
```

> Assuming a REST API exists with an endpoint to manage users at `http://example.com/users` and a `POST` request with the following body will create a user:

Reviewer: Again, rephrasing to build up the scenario
```suggestion
Let's assume there's a REST API for managing users with an endpoint at `http://example.com/users`. In this example, we send a `POST` request with the following body to create a user:
```

```http
POST /users HTTP/1.1
Host: example.com
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "firstName": "Brian",
  "lastName": "Smith",
  "email": "brian.smith@example.com"
}
```

> A generic 201 response may look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successful user creation, the `201 Created` response will look like this:
```

```http

> HTTP/1.1 201 CREATED

Author: ```suggestion
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
```
